c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\Cyrsa FC.exe.config
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\Cyrsa FC.exe
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\Cyrsa FC.pdb
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\Cyrsa FC.xml
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\BE.dll
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\BE.pdb
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\BE.xml
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\BLL.xml
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\bin\Debug\DAL.xml
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\GUI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\Cyrsa_FC.CyrsaFC_Menu.resources
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\Cyrsa_FC.Resources.resources
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\GUI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\Cyrsa FC.exe
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\Cyrsa FC.xml
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\Cyrsa FC.pdb
c:\users\charly\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cyrsa FC\Cyrsa FC\obj\Debug\Cyrsa_FC.Alta_Cliente.resources
